Update Set-SPOSite.md (#7958)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOSite.md

- AllowFullAccess: Allows full access from desktop apps, mobile apps, and the web.
- AllowLimitedAccess: Allows limited, web-only access.
- BlockAccess: Blocks Access.

> - AuthenticationContext: Assign an Azure AD authentication context. Must add the AuthenticationContextName. Please read /azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-conditional-access-cloud-apps#configure-authentication-contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AuthenticationContext: Assign an Azure AD authentication context. Must add the AuthenticationContextName. Please read [Configure authentication contexts](/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-conditional-access-cloud-apps#configure-authentication-contexts).
```

> - AuthenticationContext: Assign a Azure AD authentication context. Must add the AuthenticationContextName  Please read https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-conditional-access-cloud-apps#configure-authentication-contexts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- AuthenticationContext: Assign an Azure AD authentication context. Must add the AuthenticationContextName. Please read /azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-conditional-access-cloud-apps#configure-authentication-contexts.
```
